These are some notes on how to maintain and hack the Darkbot source
code.  Part of this is justifications and assumptions, so that if an
assumption changes, we know what to change.


SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS FOR DEVELOPERS

GNU M4   1.4
autoconf 2.59
automake 1.9


AUTOCONF, AUTOMAKE, AND FRIENDS (AUTOFOO)

I've been researching recent autofoo best practises.  Most users of
autofoo don't really understand it and just copy someone else's autofoo,
or follow one of several out of date tutorials.  I've attempted to
create an up to date set of autofoo stuff that follows recent best
practises.

In an attempt to provide the autogen.sh and bootstrap.sh that are now
outdated, but that everybody is used to, I have added other scripts in
the top level directory.  These scripts provide an easy to use method of
doing the usual things in the usual ways.

clean.sh - cleans up after all the other scripts, this includes deleting
the $HOME/darkbot default install directory.

bootstrap.sh - Do all the autofoo magic and generate the configure
script.

dist.sh - calls bootstrap.sh to do all the autofoo magic, then builds the
source distribution archive from scratch.

autogen.sh - calls bootstrap.sh to do all the autofoo magic, then calls
the resulting configure script.  Defaults to using $HOME/darkbot as the
prefix.

build.sh - calls autogen.sh to configure everything, then builds
everything from scratch.

One of the major things I have attempted to do is to enable building
darkbot from "out of tree".  That means building it from anywhere
outside of the directory that holds the source code.  In this way the
downloaded darkbot directory can be kept pristine.  There are now
scripts that create a directory called "build" and put generated files
in there.

I experimented a lot with clean ways of doing out of tree builds, but
inconsistancies in the way the various autofoo programs work means that
the only way that worked was to create a build directory, copy
configure.ac and Makefile.am into it, then build everything from there. 
This does mean that the top level directory doesn't got a configure or a
Makefile.

Aclocal ignores the redirection of autom4te.cache to the build
directory.  Autoconf (when run from autoreconf) insists on putting
configure in the same directory as configure.ac.  Automake ignores the
redirection of aclocal.m4 to the build directory, and insists on putting
Makefile.in in the same directory as Makefile.am.   Automake creates
make files that don't know how to make dist properly when building out
of tree.
